Add README (#18)
digitalfabrik/integreat-compass: README.md

# Integreat Compass

> This system gathers courses that job center employees can pass on in counseling sessions to refugees and newcomers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a Django 4 based web application, a project powered by the Tür an Tür [Digitalfabrik](https://tuerantuer.de/digitalfabrik/). The main goal is to develop an application that gathers courses that job center employees can pass on in counseling sessions to refugees and newcomers.
```
I like the opening line we have for [Lunes CMS](https://github.com/digitalfabrik/lunes-cms), although I'm aware that web application might not be the best description. I like it, because it also introduces the technology and the main contributors right away

## TL;DR

> 

Reviewer 2: We definitely need one, but we could also wait until the basic project structure is set up. At this point in time, we probably wouldn't accept external contributions anyways...

### Prerequisites

Following packages are required before installing the project (install them with your package manager):

* `npm` version 7 or later
* `nodejs` version 12 or later
* `python3` version 3.9 or later
* `python3-pip` (Debian-based distributions) / `python-pip` (Arch-based distributions)
* `python3-venv` (only on Debian-based distributions)

> * Either `postgresql` **or** `docker` to run a local database server

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Since you proposed sqlite in #3, I think the dev setup does not need a separate db technology?

### Installation

````
git clone git@github.com:digitalfabrik/integreat-compass.git
cd integreat-compass
./tools/install.sh
````

### Run development server

````
./tools/run.sh
````

> * Go to your browser and open the URL `http://localhost:8000`

Reviewer 2: I'd prefer if it would be possible to run integreat-compass alongside integreat-cms and lunes-cms if we need to quickly switch between projects in development...
So maybe a different port than `8000` and `8080`? Not sure what other ports are in use by other app projects...
